(DOCSP-9182): Port GraphQL Expose Data in a Collection (#112)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/graphql/expose-data.txt

  ``title`` in the embedded object schema.

- You can define the type name for a field that has a defined
  relationship by setting ``title`` in the field schema. Realm uses the
  ``title`` instead of the defined field name when it resolves
  relationships in GraphQL.

.. code-block:: json
   :emphasize-lines: 2

   {
     "title": "movie",
     "properties": {
       "_id": { "bsonType": "objectId" },
       "title": { "bsonType": "string" },
       "year": { "bsonType": "int" },
       "director": { "bsonType": "int" }
     }
   }

.. admonition:: Singular and Plural Types
   :class: note

   Realm generates two GraphQL query types for each collection: a
   singular query and a plural query . A **singular** query refers to a
   specific document in the collection. A **plural** query refers to all
   documents in the collection.

   Realm uses the schema's ``title`` as the name of the *singular*
   query type and uses the schema's ``title`` with an ``"s"`` appended
   to the end as the name of the *plural* query type. For example, if
   the ``title`` is ``movie``, Realm generates the ``Movie`` (singular)
   and ``Movies`` (plural) GraphQL query types.

Next Steps
----------

> Once you've defined a schema for the collection, Realm automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have defined a schema for the collection, Realm automatically
```
